Gu Zhen asks you to let go of Cai Cai
You misunderstood me.
I never wanted to marry him
It has nothing to do with me whether it is wrong or not.
I was wrong to hide my identity from you before
Can you forgive me?
It's not good, but you obviously have me in your heart
You are really narcissistic
If you don't have me in your heart
You wouldn't be here today
You are really narcissistic
I'm for Doudou, not for you
Is there anything else you want to say? No
Why are you following me?
On the way!
What's the way for you to go back to your house and me to go back to my house?
Mommy, I want to go home with you.
Ok! I'll go too.
No, Doudou, say goodbye to Daddy
Bye Daddy
Bye as long as Doudou is still there
It proves that I still have a chance
Mommy, my stomach hurts.
What should I do then?
Walk to the hospital
Useless old habit
Only Daddy can give me a massage
Your dad can still massage
Daddy studied it for me
Come to my house, hurry up